Handle passing no triggers to Combine and First (#4409)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/newsfragments/4409.bugfix.rst

> Passing no triggers to :class:`~cocotb.triggers.Combine` used to hang the simulation indefinitely. Now it behaves equivalently to :class:`await NullTrigger() <cocotb.triggers.NullTrigger>`.

Author: ```suggestion
Passing no triggers to :class:`~cocotb.triggers.Combine` previously hung the simulation indefinitely. Now, doing so makes ``Combine`` behave equivalently to :class:`await NullTrigger() <cocotb.triggers.NullTrigger>`.
```
